docs/source/aliases.rst, before:

Server aliases
==============

In order to avoid the need to enter a long server URL every time a
connection is opened, the module provides a yaml configuration file
which can be used to define an `alias`, or short name, for the
server. On linux this file is stored in::

    ~/.config/hdfstream/config.yml

The default configuration looks like this::

    aliases:
      cosma:
        url: https://dataweb.cosma.dur.ac.uk:8443/hdfstream
        use_keyring: false
        user: null

This defines an alias called ``cosma`` for the URL
``https://dataweb.cosma.dur.ac.uk:8443/hdfstream``.

Authentication
--------------

The server might require authentication for access to certain
datasets. The ``user`` field in the config file can be used to specify
a default username to use when making requests to the corresponding
server.

If the ``use_keyring`` field is ``true`` and a username is set, then
the module will try to use the system keyring (via the `python keyring
module <https://pypi.org/project/keyring/>`__) to fetch the
password. If the password is not in the keyring then the module
prompts for a password and stores it in the keyring if it works.

Commit message:

Add a test for set_config()

docs/source/aliases.rst, after:

Server aliases
==============

In order to avoid the need to enter a long server URL every time a
connection is opened, the module provides a yaml configuration file
which can be used to define aliases, or short names, for servers.
On linux this file is stored in::

    ~/.config/hdfstream/config.yml

The default configuration looks like this::

    aliases:
      cosma:
        url: https://dataweb.cosma.dur.ac.uk:8443/hdfstream
        use_keyring: false
        user: null

This defines an alias called ``cosma`` for the URL
``https://dataweb.cosma.dur.ac.uk:8443/hdfstream``.

Authentication
--------------

The server might require authentication for access to certain
datasets. The ``user`` field in the config file can be used to specify
a default username to use when making requests to the corresponding
server.

If the ``use_keyring`` field is ``true`` and a username is set, then
the module will try to use the system keyring (via the `python keyring
module <https://pypi.org/project/keyring/>`__) to fetch the
password. If the password is not in the keyring then the module
prompts for a password and stores it in the keyring if it works.

Writing a new default configuration file
----------------------------------------

To create a new configuration and save it as the default::

    config = hdfstream.Config()
    config.add_alias("test_alias", "test_url", user="test_user", use_keyring=True)
    config.write(mode="w") # Overwrites the default config file
    hdfstream.set_config(config) # Sets the configuration for this session

The default configuration can be restored by deleting the config.yml file.
